and introduction to the Book of Philemon.
Paul wrote this letter primarily to his friend and spiritual brother Philemon,
who lived in the city of Kalasi in Asia Minor.
Written in Rome about 60 or 61 CE,
the letter concerns Philemon's runaway slave, Onesimus.
Onesimus somehow became associated with Paul and Rome,
and soon became a Christian.
The letter to Philemon has just 25 verses.
Paul opens with greetings to Philemon and to the congregation that meets in his house,
including Afia and Archipis.
Paul tells Philemon that Onesimus, once considered a useless slave,
is now a valuable spiritual brother,
so much so that Paul would like Onesimus to stay for some time in Rome.
But Paul does not overstep his authority by insisting that Onesimus stay without his master's permission.
So Paul sends Onesimus back to Philemon,
who lives more than 1,400 kilometers away.
On the basis of Christian love and personal friendship,
Paul appeals to Philemon to receive Onesimus, not as a runaway slave,
but as a beloved brother.
Paul even writes the entire letter in his own hand, which is unusual for him.
Did you know?
The letter to Philemon was Paul's only inspired letter addressed primarily
to a private person about a private matter.
The letter could be considered a reintroduction for Onesimus,
a slave who is now also a brother.
Paul expresses confidence that Philemon will do even more than what is asked.
As you read the letter to Philemon,
note how we can express confidence in our brothers.
How Paul showed genuine humility by not overstepping his authority
and how he highlighted kindness and forgiveness,
qualities that must be displayed by all who want to inherit God's kingdom.